Hi Guys welcome to the implementation part of this course that is the part where we'll build the chat
but from scratch.
And of course following a step by step approach.
This is a law here.
The second instructor of this course and I'm super excited to be back in the game.
We will build a super powerful Chad but by implementing a state of the art deep and LP model which will
be the SEC 2 sec and we will implement that with one of the best API is to build deep ideations or art
of her own talents which will be tense afloat.
I hesitated to implement the chad but in terms of flow or pi torch I actually experimented with both
but I actually got better results with tenso flow and besides I know a lot of you asked for some tests
of your implementation so I'm very happy to give that to you in this course.
We will get into the details and the high level techniques of tense of flow to build our childhood.
So this implementation will be done in five parts which are the common five parts when implementing
a deeper application or an AI.
So here we go.
First part part zero.
Installing Anaconda and getting the data set.
Anaconda is the idea we will use to build our chat but we will actually use more precisely spider inside
and I can it because its like a studio and I want you to feel comfortable with all these great tools
that spider has when implementing our chat.
But and then we will get the data set which is the Cornell movie corpus.
They said basically it's a data set of more than 600 movies containing thousands of conversations between
lots of characters.
And I wanted to train our Chad.
But on this day he said because I wanted to build a general chat but that can have general conversation
with us like a friend instead of you know specified chat but there is use for some specific purpose.
That being said the model we will use can be trained on other datasets for some other purposes you know
for example you will be able to train the same chat but on a more specific dataset like a calendar assistant
or a navigation assistant.
These are some more specific applications but this is not what we do in this course.
We will try in a general chat but to talk about everyday conversations and thats why movies are perfect
because in movies you have a lot of random conversations general conversations between friends.
And so this will actually be pretty fun.
Then part one.
So that was part zero and part one will be data processing data processing is inevitable whenever you
build an AI or whenever you build a machinery model you have to make the data set compatible with the
model you're going to build.
We're going to build a neural network based model and therefore the data will have to have a special
format especially for the inputs.
Besides we'll have to clean the text because the less we clean it and simplify it the more difficult
it will be for a model to train itself to talk like a human.
So we will have to do a lot of data processing this will not be the funniest part but I will try to
do it the most efficiently so that we can get to the exciting parts which are actually part 2.3 and
part four when we get into the heart of the model.
And speaking of these parts part two will be building the SEC to sec morrow the sequence to sequence
model which is a state of the art deep an LP model.
So we will build it.
We will actually build a brain composed of an encoder and then a decoder and we will assemble all of
them to build the final brain which Be careful will not be trained yet.
And speaking of training that leads us to part three part three will be about training this set to segmental
that is training this brain that we would have just made in part two.
So we will train it.
We will set up a last function get the optimizer and then apply some to get a grade in the center to
update the weight of the neurons of the brain so that it improves its ability to talk with us.
And finally part for the last part of this implementation we will test our Chad.
But that is we will test the SEC to Sec.
All that is will make some kind of a code to you know once we executed have an interface where we can
ask some questions and then the jabat will answer and we will just test the chad.
But by observing its answers and see how its capable of conversing with us.
So this will be pretty exciting.
And here we go.
Thats the plan of attack of this implementation.
And without waiting we are going to start with part zero directly in the next tutorial.
We will install efficiently and.
And then in the next tutorial after that we'll get the data set and then it will be good to go.
We will start part 1 day of pre-processing and the next parts after that.
So I'm super excited.
It let's install quickly Anaconda in the next Tauriel and I'll see you there.
Until then enjoy deep and.